[Music]
hopefully it's
gonna keep sunshine and stuff over there
i just put a iso logo on and then
sweater vest i got little money watching
power give us all respect
it might be so fresh and them boys be so
clean too had them looking
[Music]
do it spot about dribble shooting trip
on point peep that execution on a higher
resolution now you gotta see me through
it now you gotta see us
on it i don't even gotta flaunt it imma
put us all up on the big tracks jumping
out the duffel double bag boys
big man got em big man now they some sad
boys circle 91
pistons we some bad boys if you picking
teams we should never be your last
choice
cause we really run this yeah we start
started you gotta up the budget
we too
[Music]
outside but they
yeah we genuine all black crispy yeah
that's the melanin
yeah yeah